As you can see in this worksheet,
we've captured the steps in the funnel,
with some additional customer touch points where you want the customer to do
something once they arrive on your website, download a brochure,
share the email, add items to the cart,
[inaudible] one where their denominator,
is the number of original count of people who arrive at your website; the impressions.
Second, where the denominator is the number of people who
completed the Call to Action at the previous level in the panel.
Let's first calculate the conversion rates based
on the number of visitors to the website.
So, we have a column;
conversion rates based on impression.
Here, it shows you the formula that I'm using,
and you're going with B4 divided by B3.
We're going to just leave this as,
well, so you can see.
Here is B5 divided by B3 and B6 divided by B3.
So, you can see that 43 percent roughly of
the people who saw the actual add, downward the brochure.
Of them, 19 percent arrived on the site,
added items to the cart.
So, eight percent the people who arrived in the website actually purchased the item.
Now, let's calculate the conversion rates,
based on the number of people who completed
the Call to Action at the previous level in funnel.
I have the formula here,
so that you can track what I'm doing.
Here, this will be B4 divided by B3,
because that's the original step.
So, people arrive in the website,
and then they download of the brochure,
43 percent of that matches what's in the conversion rate based on the impression.
Next, we're going to go B5 is
divided by the number of people who downloaded the brochure,
and the number of people who purchased the item,
based on the number of people who added the items.
So, let's reduce the number of decimals here.
So, we can see this indicates that 45 percent of
the people who download the brochure added their items to the cart.
Of those, 39 percent actually purchased the item.